Q. What is contradiction?
Contradictions are some of the parameters or things that we perform, mainly our mind performs to create an illusion that distracts or confuses our mind to think in different directions to escape and console our mind to stay positive. In my previous readme file, I was speaking of something like a trap of money and fame which is an illusion but just assume a situation where an artist have done years of work on improving their craft and finally a day come where his art has no worth in terms of money or fame, and he realises that he has given all of his life to improve that craft and that craft hasn't given anything to that person, now that person starts hating that craft which was an illusion created in his mind to show him that that person was never attached to his craft but he was attached to money and fame associated with it due to which he switched.

So, should we switch the craft? Should we be flexible? Is that craft's existence in our life only till it gives us money or fame? The craft that has given a person to spend time on, a life, he forgets it just for money or fame. Now, if a person is associated to its craft, he wouldn't have any attachment to money or fame associated with it but is it how the world works?

Now, the answer to this question is that is it how the life works? The life works when we love our craft and is ready to leave everything for it, no money, no fame, nothing, just we and our work. Now, the world works differently because we all have to work based on our karma and dharma. Now, let's take inspiration from Lord Rama and Lord Krishna who were too much attached to their art, like Lord Rama loved poetry while Lord Krishna loved playing flute but still their dharma is kshatriya dharma which revolves around maintenance and creation of rules, regulations, structure and base for society to act.

Now there are two phases of life, where one is the art or hobby or craft that comes with us, lives with us and goes with us without any external approval, which could be music, singing, philosophy, spirituality, and even React.js, sometimes last one may pay off too, the other aspect is the work, our karma and dharma where we have to perform on this stage of the world to have some contribution, in order to get money and even fame which includes skills like C++, OS knowledge, system design, system maintenance, DB management, documentation, pillars of AWS like security management to secure user data, cost management to optimise business to reduce company cost in order to use that money for saving it as future reserves, identity and access management on whom to give access and on what conditions and the operations of that product, also what we deliver, how we deliver and how we document each and every flow to optimise our work.

Now, maybe this readme is a contradiction to earlier readme because it's excess could lead to give up while it's scarcity could lead to dissatisfaction, but we need to love our craft, maybe one or many that we don't want to share with world but that is the one which increases our devotion. Even our devotion is not permanently our own devotion, it is where we are directly connecting to god through god where one god is our diety and other god is our craft, Maa Saraswati if music and Lord Brahma if mantra.

We also need to focus on what problem are we really solving for the society, how are we giving a much better platform with high security for people to serve society and optimise a cost for a business, where all our work should revolve to create something meaningful for the world and to solve societal problems, and maybe we fail at various places, now when we fail, we generally think that the work isn't meant for us and we switch, so rather than switch we need to take some break and enjoy something else that we love but we shouldn't switch and there our craft helps where we pray god to help us and surrender it to god and he will help, whenever we touch it again and again and again. For eg, we have got a thing that is not understandable, so we surrender to god, then 30-50 times, we try and maybe it would take much time but at last, we would get the thing.

This world will be a lot of suffering because there is no end of suffering but when we watch other dimension to it, we realise that without this suffering, the life would be too much boring and maybe we won't connect with god and this suffering ends when we devote our self to god.




