I have a massive problem with the distribution market today that I don't know people could understand or not. Those who really want to know and understand what I am talking about, can view it but those who don't want to get into such stuff, just stay out of this league.

In the past, very few individuals were having knowledge of youtube and instagram. At that time, it was a new thing which came up in market and as an individual, we used to watch products there and think off buying them, this way there was a nice marketing and distribution of products to large audience and it was a nice way of branding and marketing.

But today, every other guy is an influencer, vlogger, youtuber or instagrammer and when I watch people around me, everyone is seeking large follower count and subscriber count in millions for their channel to grow and nice earning to be portrayed as success, but is it really a success? I don't know what parameter is actual to define success, if success is a net worth, we as an employee when work at normal companies have a worth of a normal corporate slave, if we work at some MNC, we have a worth of an elite corporate slave, if we are an instagrammer or youtuber, we are a slave of algorithm of what madness do we portray or what uniquenes do we show that we become famous and that fame is limited to the timeline we are famous for.

My question remains the same that what if everyone becomes successful and have 1M+ followers and subscribers, everyone would become rich and I pray for it too because now you would get brand deals for being famous but eventually, 1M will be the starting base of every individual, then one needs more 300M or 3B+ followers and subscribers to be rich and it goes on forever and won't stop. The problem I face is that I watch 10 reels and 5 videos and have eventually got 6 similar products of different brands and they are being branded and marketed in a way that I like all of them, should I buy all of them? What should I do?

Do we really think business can be easily run through nice distribution and branding through google and meta ads? Actually, now I have changed my platform and go to chatgpt and ask for best product, it also gives me a list of 10 products and I get confused.

The next thing I do is that I need to concentrate on what others are buying and I notice same product with 10 more users or 100 more users, I would be like everyone is using it, I should also buy it but then eventually I would go to a comfort zone that whenever I want to buy, I would buy this stuff only and don't look at other new products being launched in a market out of comfort zone and safety.

So, now question arises that do we really need a lots of marketing for our product? I have an answer to it but it can only be revealed once implemented. I want people to design their own algorithm and update their critical thinking to emerge out as a strong competitor in market.

Nowadays there is something called an AI which has recently evolved with time, the way it is getting implemented by claude is a way that people resist it to be implemented that way, I had taken a subscription of it one month ago, thinking off using it for making my tasks efficient but its token gets expired too often, that it was the most frustating AI to be ever used, maybe I don't have an expertise on using it and maybe people find it difficult to use it too but it's hype is not equivalent to what I expected, maybe it is helping large companies more efficiently or maybe it is just a hype, but I hope that it would emerge out as an AI whose logic when integrated through PLC or C programming to sensors and actuators, could even be able to perform agriculture activities like scanning the whole field, temperature, climate and related stuff and the crop, it initiates a trigger for harvesting to a harvestor, thereby harvesting the crops in coordinate based patterns and stops in case of any obstacle in a way, I think it would need a bit of dp and backtracking more because we need conditions to what area of field, to what coordinates, it should harvest and marking of visited to be true after each point traversal. Now, it might happen that a human, snake or some bird comes in between which shouldn't break the traversal but set some time interval making thread to sleep for some time and if it exceeds specific time, it should beep and a trigger should be sent to another bot to give the obstacle a signal to get out of the way or else, it removes that obstacle, if that obstacle is a human farmer, then it has a signal to send to stop and eventually harvestor stops.

I think claude is not doing its work perfectly by not respecting engineers to ease down the work of humanity and make people live a comfortable life and if revolution of frustated engineers come into the game, they won't be able to survive, because eventually they are not having any contribution to humanity, they are just ruining it as there is a difference in the opinion being presented like is it about taking a job or giving people a leverage to enjoy their hobbies and no need to rely on work being done. If perspective is construction, growth persists and people would help you building the stuff, at the expense of their health, the way patriotism to humanity and future generation works while if perspective is destruction, growth decays and people would feel threatened and it could even lead to an irresistable revolution within the nation.