Q. What is independence?
I was searching the answer to this question that what is real independence and then I came to the conclusion that what we call as stability and financial independence is not what real independence is. If we closely observe our currency falling with regards to dollars, we find that if our currency would lose value, what would be the reason of making large money and be stable and financially free. The conclusion I had drawn is that every citizen if relies to what their government is saying, could be able to achieve financial independence and stability. For eg, usage of piped natural gas or induction for cooking food and usage of solar panels rather than relying fully on coal based electricity which comes to our home as coal and petroleum itself covers around 32% of imports in our country. The more optimisation towards conservation of coal and petroleum and reducing the dependence on it could bring financial freedom to us.

Now, what is resisting us from achieving financial independence and freedom is to be rich and attract fame. In this world, everyone is doing it, running to be famous on instagram and youtube and running to be rich by earning more money through high package companies bringing high sense of stability, but is it a real stability and freedom?

The one individual who have learnt the hard concepts of physics, chemistry and mathematics, solving bernaulli's principle, particle nature, wave nature of light, traversal of light particles, optical illusion, complex equations and so on, then who have learnt the concepts of OS, OOPS, DBMS, COA, compiler design, CN and DSA, then who have done VHDL, verilog and understand the whole complex computer architectural model, apart from that, who have done react, UI design, aesthetic designs and many more, is thinking that he is not stable until he doesn't get a job. Let's say he gets a job, then what would happen? You would become financial stable, then spend money for fulfilling your desires, then company fires you and now you become unstable? No, you have a company tag which gives you stability and you can apply anywhere now but why don't you realise that you are already stable, you can do a plumber job, solving those bernaulli's principle and doing household stuff, can repair appliances where deep knowledge of thermodynamics help a lot and a whole branch of physics, you can explore which is building semiconductors, I know it is not that easy but atleast you can explore that how does it happen?

The second individual is a burned-out individual who have started vlogging channel on youtube or instagram, now he is getting a fame which he wants and maybe someday he would get a fame gradually and then you are sitting with some podcasters and discussing about your fame journey but that growth inside channel is tied to youtube or instagram, so your identity is minimal and if youtube or instagram doesn't exist, you won't exist, your source of income and ad revenue would eventually disappear.

Watching these two individuals, we realise that the whole bunch of population is either running towards money or fame and not realising that if everyone gets money and be famous, then would the beauty of money or fame really exists? So, who should sacrifice then? Maybe me? Would it help the world or me? Maybe by saying me, you think it as a sacrifice but maybe it's not a sacrifice but a freedom? Maybe you are sacrificing your freedom?

This is the magic of materialism, people might think they are 10 steps ahead of god but god works in the dimension that no one can see. Now, the question arises how to stay with god to avoid sufferings? Just ask god to whatever is right for us, even if repercussions, tensions or anything worst arises in life, we would accept all of that but still we want to choose you and want you to run our life. We don't want success or failure, we don't have any desire, we just want you and having desire to want you is the illusion you have created in our life, and we bow down to you because you are the creator of illusion that resides in our soul, you are the creator of greed, anger, etc. in our life so that when this would trap us, we call you for help and my devotion towards you increase more and hence, I would be able to get more and more close to you.

This could dissolve all our desires, greed and anger realising that someone is there who protects our soul and could feel free.





