Q. What is prisoner's dilemma?

Logically, if both prisoner's stay silent, they get the best collective outcome and get a short 1-year sentence. But it might be possible that if one betrays, one sets free and other serves a 5-year sentences. Now, if both betrays, they both serve 3-year sentences.

Let's consider and match it to the case of east india company arrival in India in past where there was an industrial revolution happened in Britain that disrupted India market with cheap machine clothes, ultimately leading to the Indian traders and craftsmen to lose their market and eventually, get indulged in farming activities. Now, there are some intellectuals who study a lot of books and work based on the philosopher's mindset and strategy that as per Keynesian economics, labor is a cost to a single firm, but wages are the aggregate demand for the entire market. If wages disappear, the market disappears. This statement is driven through a common intellectual mindset.

Now, let's break it down with regards to logic mindset. If those traders got involved in agriculture activities, then it led to a surplus of crops in the nation than the required, due to which agricultural cost became more and more cheap, so people started becoming more and more poor. Now, if someone doesn't afford to buy even those cheap clothes manufactured by east india company through machines, eventually the demand dropped and the market disrupted, the company went bankrupt. Now, let's say if buyers would have that much literacy that they could think it in that direction, they would never have bought clothes from east india company at cheap rates. Eventually, nothing got profitable in a long go.

Let's connect it to today's scenario where people like Dario Amodei thinks that software would get a way more cheaper. Being a software engineer, my main focus is to concentrate over the scalability, trade-offs and edge cases that could arise while building any software, economics or anything that could ever exist. So, let's go deep in this scenario that if software becomes way too cheap, then every local trader would shift to building their software to compete in a market for survival. Now, demand of everything goes high, businesses would flourish, high operational cost of instances or VMs on which products are deployed and maintained, ultimately high revenue to google ads and meta ads filling their revenue, making them capable enough to show their fy growth for the current year to intimidate the world and attract the investors to invest more in the company, increasing more spendings to AI but eventually it is hollowing the software market in a way that people starts moving or deviating from it, as he said, people will be involved in plumbing, electrician, bartender jobs, etc. Now, if they are already doing physical labour, earning huge profits, why would they use any software to buy any stuff, they would rather prefer to go to some shop and buy the stuff, eventually it would disrupt the ads market of google and meta, people would resist buying mobile phones and laptops and eventually, these big techs would become a name in history, disrupting the whole economy and we would get fast forwarded to 19th century back.

It's nice to set a good narrative but not in a way that could ultimately lead to a global disruption in a long go and if we carefully observe, then we notice that even AI is doing the stuff over the internet and if people do every stuff themselves, they would only need AI for getting information, for what google and youtube are also a nice alternative. So, AI is a nice student's project, but need to be handled carefully, and be designed for automating tasks like food which is needed for survival, clothes which we need to wear to maintain our body needs and shelter to build homes to survive in different seasonal conditions so that it could become a senior level production-grade project.

Just imagine 10 houses in a row, each having different softwares fulfilling each other's requirement, I think now we are not in 19th century, we are now in 14th or 13th century where kings used to rule a particular province where there exists a small trade market within that province, everything decentralized in wrong way for tech owners.

So, there is no issue in saying that we are all going backwards and I think it is fine because obviously, that is our default setting and we need to embrace it.



