Now, we have discussed that everyone wants to be famous and earn money through youtube and instagram, and let's say meta and youtube are too honest and give money to their famous people, now everyone has become a celebrity and is enjoying money through ad revenues.

Now, let's say Mark Zuckerberg and its team realises that earlier we used fanout exchange services for pushing the content which too much resonates with following, this model is collapsing simultaneoulsy as people are loving dynamic content which is expanding, now everyone is a celebrity and users are searching random contents and company is even tracking the events of the users and realise that for most random famous people, users use to enjoy the silly comments in their comment sections, some are really liking some content and so on.

Now, everyone is consuming everything which leads to a time complexity of 10^16 because N users are viewing N people which they are following leading to n^2. Then comes either the recommendation system which is system based and mood based or we form an event cluster of user activity and track the probability of each event that occurs so that we could predict user engagement and behaviour more closely.

We generally think the stochastic calculus and brownian motion works in only fintech for payments and quants but we realise that it largerly affects the relevance of content on youtube and instagram based on the probability where we assume each user as a particle in motion which is having a systematic drift of udt and position dx is user preference change and x is the user preference and dw represents the randomness in user behavious but eventually it would lead to the destruction of the previous model based on fanout exchange service and basic, hardcoded recommendation system without randomness for the creation of new model.

From this context, we realise that creation of something can only occur if something is destroyed and between that phase comes the maintenance phase, so there is always a creator, maintainer and destroyer of each and everything and if someone is accepting and relying to this theory, then people realise something special and unique about how this universe works. At point, we realise that there is a particle in motion, then we realise there is money in motion which is too much liquid and then we realise that there is a user in motion where user preferences change each and every day.

When we reach to this part, we realise that thought of Lord Krishna where he points to the direction that this mind is this particle in motion and you have to maintain it to keep your life stable. What happens if the money becomes too liquid that it moves very fastly up and down in candlesticks, it would make the stock market unstable and so is our mind, if our mind is changing constantly and isn't stable, then it is not focussed leading to instability in life and eventually a huge destruction.

Now, no one knows that whether this instability is the source of creation or not because if there is no movement or instability, then no creation could occur. When maa saraswati sings a song with her beautiful voice, when Lord Brahma speaks powerful mantras, it affects the particles in nature, we generally tell it as a wave nature of particle but that wave is responsible for the movement of particle and since particle moves, the creation happens. If everything is stable, how could the creation exist? What if newton or alber einstein's mind was stable, would it lead to creation? I think it can't lead to a creation with stable mind but stability is needed for maintenance of that thought for too long.

I don't know the universe and I don't claim that too and I won't say that I know something special that no one knows, it's just an idea that popped up in my mind, so I have shared it over github. I may have less knowledge about it and if someone has it, kindly share it with me too. I love to discuss it in detail.